{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\deftab1253{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Century Schoolbook L;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\cf1\b\f0\fs18 Welcome to ImageMagick!\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0\fs18 Before You Start\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b0\f0\fs18 Please note that properly installing this package may require administrator privileges.\f1\fs24\par
\fs18\par
\f0 While multiple versions of ImageMagick may be installed at the same time, if your intention is to replace an old version with a newer, it may be wise to uninstall the old version first. To do so, go to the Control Panel, select Uninstall a program, select the old ImageMacgick version, click Uninstall and click Yes to confirm the uninstallation.\line\line\pard While not a requirement, it is strongly recommend that you install \f1\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ghostscript.com/Releases.html" }}{\fldrslt{\cf3\ul\f0\fs18 Ghostscript}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs18 . ImageMagick uses Ghostscript to render PostScript and PDF files, as well as formats where a translator to PostScript is available. ImageMagick also uses the fonts delivered with Ghostscript to support the standard set of Adobe PostScript fonts like "Helvetica" and "Times Roman".\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\qc\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Installation Steps\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b0\f0\fs18 The remaining installation steps are:\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Select Destination Location\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs18 Confirm or if required change the drive and path for ImageMagick. At the bottom of the dialog you will see the space requirement. The default installation path is "C:\\Program Files\\ImageMagick-\i version\i0 " where \i version\i0  is the current version number. Click "Next\f1\~\f0 >" to \cf1 continue.\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Select Start Menu Folder\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs18 Confirum or if required change the folder where you would like ImageMagick's shortcuts. Click "Next\f1\~\f0 >" to \cf1 continue.\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Select Additional Tasks\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\b0\f0\fs18 A screen is displayed which presents most or all of the following options:\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-283\li707\sa144\f0\fs18\bullet  Create a desktop icon\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs18\bullet  Add application directory to your system path\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs18\bullet  Associate supported file extensions with ImageMagick\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs18\bullet  Install development headers and libraries for C and C++\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs18\bullet  Install PerlMagick for Strawberry Perl\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs18\bullet  Install ImageMagickObject OLE Control for VBScript, Visual Basic and WSH\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283 By default, "Creating a desktop icon" and "Add application directory to your system path" are selected and the others are unselected. Select the options you prefer.\f1\fs24\par
\f0\fs18 Notice that selecting "Associate supported file extensions with ImageMagick" will create approximately 50 file associations, including ones for common formats such as JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIFF and PDF. These will be associated with IMdisplay which is suitable for displaying images, but offers little more\f1 .\f0  Associations for ImageMagick's native formats (such as MIFF) will always be created.\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs18 When you are satisfied with the selections, click "Next\f1\~\f0 >" to \cf1 continue:\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Ready to Install\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs18 A dialog shows the selected options. If you are not satisfied with a selected option, click "<\f1\~\f0 Back" to go back to a previous dialog and adjust. If you are satisfied with the options and ready to install, click "Install". To abort the installation, click "Cancel".\cf1\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Installation Progress\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs18 A progress window will be displayed during installation\cf1 .\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\b\f0\fs18 Final Information\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b0\f0\fs18 A summary of post-install steps is provided. It includes examples of commands you can run to confirm that ImageMagick is working, as well as some notes about the installation, and where to find additional information. Once you have read this, click "Next\f1\~\f0 >" to \cf1 continue.\f1\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\sb240\sa283\tx0\cf0\b\f0 Finishing Up\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa283\b0\f0\fs18 By default the option "View index.html" is selected which will open a local copy of ImageMagick\f1\rquote\f0 s web pages in your browser after you click "Finish". Click "Finish" to exit the installation program.\f1\fs24\par
}
 
